**Fault:** Documentation missing run() function

**Description:** One of our functions was missing comments and descriptors, so it was hard to distinguish the exact functionality. 

**Assigned to:** Edina

**How the fault was fixed/Status:**  Fixed. Added necessary and descriptive comments to the function to improve future readability.  

----

**Fault:** Code only recognizes file names in a certain format

**Description:** Initially, the input selection only recognized file names in the format of number + extension. We want to fix it so it will recognize other names. 

**Assigned to:** George

**How the fault was fixed/Status:** Fixed. Modified how we get the file information from the user. Program now prompts the user to enter in the path where the file is located and the name of the image instead of leaving the file name and location hard-coded inside the function. 

---

**Fault:** Output image for latin languages retain formatting issues 

**Description:** Images that are from a latin language as a source language do not conform to sentence structure after translation. We suspect the issue is how we are delineating new lines at the end of a phrase instead of the end of a sentence. For languages with a character-based writing system, this is a non-issue as the lines are trivially the same. 

**Assigned to:** n/a

**How the fault was fixed/Status:** Cannot fix in time. Filed under optimization issues that are not as pressing as essential features, but would be really nice to retain on the user's end. 

---

**Fault:** Program does not contain any error checking

**Description:** There was no input error-checking present on the prototype version, so the program immediately crashed when it encountered input of an unexpected type or format.

**Assigned to:** Edina, George

**How the fault was fixed/Status:** Fixed. Implemented error-checking mechanisms for bad user input. Program now prompts the user to try again when it encounters invalid input. 

---

**Fault:** Unorganized code

**Description**: Code was very cluttered and hard read, lacking sensible formatting and whitespaces

**Assigned to:** Mac

**How the fault was fixed/Status:** Fixed. Minor code restructuring for readability purposes, added comments to code 

---

**Fault:** Bloated file tree

**Description**: A lot of excess files were generated by our auto-documentation software. 

**Assigned to:** Edina

**How the fault was fixed/Status**: Fixed. Removed excess files.

---

**Fault:** Requirements artifact does not 100% than actual product

**Description: ** The requirements we generated were a lot more ambitious than what we could do given the time constraints, and we did not take into account how latin languages differed from non-latin scripts in terms of sentence structure, which made text placement hard to work with for latin language output. 

**Assigned to:** Alice

**How the fault was fixed/Status: **Will not fix. We will update requirements to match the product instead. 

---

**Fault:** User interface presentation 

**Description: ** In our starting design, we thought about creating an UI with buttons and drop-down menus as the method of interaction. Our product currently does not support a GUI and is a terminal and command-based implementation. 

**Assigned to:** Alice

**How the fault was fixed/Status: ** Will not fix. We will update our UML specification so that it no loner includes a standalone UI portion. 

---

**Fault:** Code missing encapsulation

**Description:** The executable portion of the code was written in a free-standing format that had not way of calling execution specifically. 

**Assigned to:** Edina

**How the fault was fixed/Status: ** Fixed. We created a separate run() function which encapsulates all of the necessary functions and procedures needed to execute the program that is independent of executing the code file. 