The design pattern we used most often was the facade design pattern. This pattern is used to provide a simplified interface when interacting with complexity. In our project's case we used many seperate functions which complete seperate parts of the process of translating text from an image and drawing a new image.
Function writefile would write text extracted from an image into a txt file. Afterwards, function translate_text would translate whichever language you wanted to use on the txt file. Finally, after translating would create a new image with the translated text. Then a simplified interface was used at the bottom to use all of these functions and allow the application to work. Another design paradigm we used was the builder design pattern. The builder design pattern allows you to construct complex objects step by step. As we previously saw we were building up to create an image with are translated text. We were using our functions as steps in the process of creating this image. Therefore through this we were using the builder design pattern for this project. In conclusion we applied both the facade design pattern and the builder design pattern when creating this project. The facade design pattern used a simple interface to hide the complexitiy happening in functions which allow said interface to run correctly. The builder design pattern had said functions building up to the creation of the image with translated text which was the purpose of the entire project. Both design paradigms had the quality of our functions helping create something.