For project 3, team 1 chose top-down functional decomposition as their design paradigm, but a software architecture was needed as well. The software architecture chosen to meet team 1’s needs was the pipes-and-fillers architecture. The pipes-and-fillers architecture is a software architecture that primarily focuses on transforming input data, through a series of computational components(filters), into output data. It is very useful for projects that have input information that needs to be processed in a sequential order and spit out a result. 

In the context of our design paradigm and chosen project, the pipes-and-fillers architecture works very well as our software requires input data to be processed from a photo through a series of events to produce a clean result. From a top-down level, the high-level design of the image to text OCR reader and translation app can be broken down into three components, the input, the translation, and the output.

Using the pipes-and-fillers architecture, the software works by accessing an input image provided by the user. The image is then processed and scanned for text using an image to text OCR reader. The data taken from the OCR reader is then passed down the pipeline of information and sent to the translator for further processing. The translator takes the text and translates it to the users desired language. It then sends that information down the pipeline again and outputs it back onto a copy of the input image, replacing all of the original text with the newly converted text. 

To summarize, the pipes-and-fillers architecture was chosen as team 1’s software architecture due to its flexibility and organization with input data and ability to process and output a clean result. 
